I would like to act as a content creator and front end engineer,

I would to write an article explaining the users with step by step to value a stock based.
I'm going to use discounted cash flow model for valuation. The article should explain to the users
in very simple layman terms. Also, the article has a input forms to guide the user to calculate valuation of stock.
Html, css & angular stack for creating a front end


First setup the context,

1. why we need to value a stock?
The answer includes it gives the uses a some sense to value a stock rather than blindly buying selling based
on market price. Use the Mr market analogy from Benjamin Graham intelligent investor book.

2. Explain discounted cash flow in layman terms

3. Explain Free cash flow in layman terms

4. Now explain how to calculate free cash flow.The steps involves,
  a. forecasting revenue based on past revenue growth percentage (show text box revenue growth rate)
  b. profit margin percentage based on net profit/revenue (show text box profit margin)
  c. free cash flow percentage , (net profit - capital expenditure + Depreciation & amortization)/net profit (show text box free cash flow %)
  d. project free cash flow based on revenue * profit margin % * free cash flow * (show free cash flow projection in table)
  e. calculate the discounted value of cash flow using discounted rate (eg: 15%) (show calculated discounted value in table)
  f. finally calculate the terminal value using perpetual growth rate (eg: 6%) (show the terminal value)
  g. sum all discounted free cash flow and terminal value and show the total


please do the following changes,
Convert the app to modern Angular (TypeScript) with components and a build setup.
I want the pages to be responsive and adapt for mobile devices.
I would like to explain the section 4 in detail, each step to calculate with an example.
The section 3 explains Free cash flow can be moved to section 4.
Add CSV export / printable report
changes to summary table
  1. Allow the user to edit the value is the summary table to edit and calculate.
  2. Remove discount factor column from the table and add column for revenue growth %, profit margin %, free cash flow rate %.
finally, add a input for total number of shares and calculate per share value by dividing the calculated value .

Do the following,
- Convert this into a GitHub-ready repo with detailed README and unit tests.
- Add export to Excel (XLSX) support.
- Improve visual design using material design
- Move HTML & CSS into separate files


-  Generate the full repo file tree (including angular.json, tsconfig.json, karma.conf.js) ready to paste into GitHub.
-  prepare a ZIP of the completed project you can download.


- for project folder name use dcf-stock-valuation
- use angular 17 latest stable version


